content/image-credit.md, before:

+++
title = "Image Credit"
description = "Giving credit to the images used in the demo"
summary = "Thank you to the authors of these images used in this theme demo"
date = "2019-11-03"
author = "Jonathan Janssens"
+++

All images are from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com).

![Fight for freedom stand with Hong Kong sticker](/images/claudio-schwarz-purzlbaum-tRDWFrkRMyU-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by 🇨🇭 Claudio Schwarz | [@purzlbaum on Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/tRDWFrkRMyU)

![person using MacBook Pro on table](/images/jason-briscoe-amLfrL8LGls-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by [Jason Briscoe on Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/amLfrL8LGls)

![](/images/peter-lloyd-H6U_0nC-Sbk-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by [Peter Lloyd on Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/H6U_0nC-Sbk)

![black gorilla beside stone](/images/kelly-sikkema-8RWZ93hLktI-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by [Kelly Sikkema on Unsplash
](https://unsplash.com/photos/8RWZ93hLktI)

![turtle underwater](/images/francesco-ungaro-GX81x7KTfIw-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by [Francesco Ungaro on Unsplash
](https://unsplash.com/photos/GX81x7KTfIw)

Commit message:

add: image credit to hero patterns

content/image-credit.md, after:

+++
title = "Image Credit"
description = "Giving credit to the images used in the demo"
summary = "Thank you to the authors of these images used in this theme demo"
date = "2019-11-03"
author = "Jonathan Janssens"
+++

![Topography pattern](/images/topography.svg)
Topography pattern from [Hero Patterns](http://www.heropatterns.com/)

All photos are from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com).

![Fight for freedom stand with Hong Kong sticker](/images/claudio-schwarz-purzlbaum-tRDWFrkRMyU-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by 🇨🇭 Claudio Schwarz | [@purzlbaum on Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/tRDWFrkRMyU)

![person using MacBook Pro on table](/images/jason-briscoe-amLfrL8LGls-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by [Jason Briscoe on Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/amLfrL8LGls)

![](/images/peter-lloyd-H6U_0nC-Sbk-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by [Peter Lloyd on Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/H6U_0nC-Sbk)

![black gorilla beside stone](/images/kelly-sikkema-8RWZ93hLktI-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by [Kelly Sikkema on Unsplash
](https://unsplash.com/photos/8RWZ93hLktI)

![turtle underwater](/images/francesco-ungaro-GX81x7KTfIw-unsplash.jpg)
Photo by [Francesco Ungaro on Unsplash
](https://unsplash.com/photos/GX81x7KTfIw)
